There is no right and wrong. There's only fun and boring.
Spandex: it's a privilege, not a right.
Mess with the best, die like the rest.
Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait.
the moon has set\n\tall that remains is\n\t\tthe four corners of his desk
learn from the journey\n\tof a sorrowing wayfarer\n\t\tflies of Kiso
the ambience\n\tof a hundred years: this garden's\n\t\tfallen leaves
first snow--\n\tgreat luck to be here\n\t\tin my own hut
spend nights on a journey\n\tthen you'll know my poems--\n\t\tautumn wind
"wayfarerer"\n\twill be my name;\n\t\tfirst winter showers
at a poor mountain temple,\n\ta kettle crying in the frost\n\t\tthe voice frigid
Life is above all a process of change and all things are travelers.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage - Seneca
All cruelty springs from weakness. - Seneca
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters. - Seneca
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. - Seneca
He who is brave is free. - Seneca
He who spares the wicked injures the good. - Seneca
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.
Tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil - Mann
Laughter is a sunbeam of the soul - Mann
Order and simplification are the first \nsteps toward the mastery of a subject - Mann
All reality is a game - Iain Banks
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. - Marcus Aurelius
Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast.
But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought. - Orwell
When did the city make you so cold?
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us. - Kafka
The meaning of life is that it stops. - Kafka
If a man who can’t count finds a four leaf clover, is he lucky? - Lem
Is a mountain only a huge stone? Is a planet an enormous mountain? - Lem
I never read to kill time. Killing time is like killing someone's wife or a child. There is nothing more precious for me than time. - Lem
From strawberries under torture one may extract all sorts of things. - Lem
The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury. - Aurelius
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it. - Aurelius
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. - Aurelius
You are a little soul carrying about a corpse, as Epictetus used to say. - Aurelius
I don't like work--no man does--but I like what is in the work--the chance to find yourself. - Conrad
Your strength is just an accident owed to the weakness of others. - Conrad
Like a running blaze on a plain, like a flash of lightning in the clouds. We live in the flicker. - Conrad
But his soul was mad. Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself and, by heavens I tell you, it had gone mad. - Conrad
Some day you will find out that there is far more happiness in another's happiness than in your own. - de Balzac
Search others for their virtue, and yourself for your vices. - B. Fuller
Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others. - Confucius
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life. - Confucius
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. - Confucius
In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
Be a calm beholder of what is happening around you - Bruce Lee
See that there is no one to fight, only an illusion to see through - Bruce Lee
No man is more unhappy than he who never faces adversity. For he is not permitted to prove himself. - Seneca
Whatever comes, face it on your feet. - Robert Jordan
What is behind fear? Nothing.
All good things are wild and free. - Thoreau
Nothing is static, everything is evolving, everything is falling apart. - Tyler
If I charge, follow me. If I retreat, kill me. If I die, avenge me. - USMC Warfighting
Improvise. Adapt. Overcome. - USMC Warfighting
Secrecy begets tyranny. - RAH
There comes a time in the life of every human when he or she must decide to risk "his life, his fortune, and his sacred honor" on an outcome dubious. Those who fail the challenge are merely overgrown children, can never be anything else. - RAH
I love you. Forgive me. I forgive you. Thank you. Goodbye. - Meyerowitz Stories
We live in a world in which we need to share responsibility. - F. Rogers
Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else. - F. Rogers
There is no normal life that is free of pain. It's the very wrestling with our problems that can be the impetus for our growth. - F. Rogers
The only thing evil can’t stand is forgiveness. - F. Rogers
Don’t let your mind control you. Control your mind. - J. Willink
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it. Skillful pilots gain their reputation from storms and tempests. - Epicetus
Never attempt to win by force what can be won by deception. - Nicholo
How we live is so different from how we ought to live that he who studies what ought to be done rather than what is done will learn the way to his downfall rather than to his preservation. - Nicholo
Of mankind we may say in general they are fickle, hypocritical, and greedy of gain. - Nicholo
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. - T. Roosevelt
The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything. - T. Roosevelt
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty... - T. Roosevelt
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month. - T. Roosevelt
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing. - T. Roosevelt
I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine. - B. Lee
You must be courageous but not foolhardy, decisive but not dictatorial, open-minded but principled, disciplined but not rigid. - J. Willink
Trying and getting hurt can't possibly be worse for you than being... stuck. - HPMoR
What people really believe doesn't feel like a BELIEF, it feels like the way the world IS. - HPMoR
If a box contains a diamond, I desire to believe that the box contains a diamond. - Tarski
If a box doesn't contain a diamond, I desire to believe that the box doesn't contain a diamond. - Tarski
People can stand what is true for they are already enduring it. - Gendlin
We are the music makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams... - A. O'Shaughnessy
